St. Louis is an independent city and major U.S. port in the state of Missouri.
Way of the Dragon 2, also known as Bruce Le's Greatest Revenge, is a 1978 martial arts sequel to Way of the Dragon starring Bruce Le.
The Horn Concertos by Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart were written for his friend Joseph Leutgeb whom he had known since childhood.
James K. Polk was the 11th President of the United States.
Emanuel attended the University of California, Los Angeles with an emphasis in film studies, international relations, and Japanese.
A Bose–Einstein condensate is a state of matter of a dilute gas of bosons cooled to temperatures very close to absolute zero.
Luca Antonio Colomba was a Swiss Baroque painter born at Arogno.
Carson-Andrews Mill and Ben F.W. Andrews House, also known as Andrews Mill, is a historic home and grist mill located near Washburn, Rutherford County, North Carolina.
Yoda is a fictional character in the Star Wars franchise created by George Lucas, first appearing in the 1980 film The Empire Strikes Back. 
The elfin woods warbler is one of many species in the genus Setophaga of the New World warbler family Parulidae.
A Haunted House 2 is a 2014 American horror comedy film directed by Michael Tiddes and starring Marlon Wayans.
Korea is a historic country in East Asia, and since 1945 it has been divided into two distinct sovereign states: North Korea and South Korea.
The United States of America (USA), commonly known as the United States (U.S.) or America, is a federal republic composed of 50 states, a federal district, five major self-governing territories, and various possessions.
Seaforth Channel is a channel in the Central Coast region of the Canadian province of British Columbia which is part of the Inside Passage - the 950 miles passage between Seattle, Washington and Juneau, Alaska.
It is located on the Chandigarh-Nahan-Paonta Sahib-Dehradun highway, 30 kilometers east from the Chandigarh-Mohali-Panchkula urban cities combine.
Magneuptychia nebulosa is a species of butterfly of the Nymphalidae family found in northern Venezuela, where it has been recorded only from the slope of the Serranía del Litoral in the Venezuelan Coastal Range. 